[Music]
hey it's 2019 and women have come a long
way from the days of being stereotyped
as overly emotional and dependent on a
husband today women are encouraged to
follow their dreams and achieve their
goals even if that means holding off or
not even ever settling down and that's
because it's all about independence
today it's not out of the ordinary for
women to aspire to be doctors lawyers
pilots engineers writers okay you get
the picture the point is women are smart
and they're not letting things like the
pressure to get married stand in their
way of doing what they want the 21st
century woman doesn't need a partner to
do things with resources and education
at her fingertips there's really nothing
holding her back from getting things
done in fact the tables have completely
turned and today a majority of college
students 56% to be exact
our female at least according to recent
numbers from the Department of Education
in the past it was often thought that
women were better suited for housework
and raising children while men were
better equipped to handle a job in the
finances but today if a woman needs to
know how to do something traditionally
masculine like fixing something under
the hood of the car or taking on a home
renovation project she can easily learn
how to do it herself thanks to a sea of
information online and if she doesn't
want to do it herself she can easily
hire someone whether it's a man or
another woman guilt-free meat I'm after
a particularly hard work week or a
stressful event do you ever wish you can
just be alone and do whatever you want
whether it's a Netflix marathon of your
favorite shows a good book or just your
own personal spa day at home it's called
me time for a reason and anyone whether
you're a guy or a gal can take part
traditionally women used to be expected
to tend to everyone else in their family
before themselves for example in 1950s
America
a woman's primary task was to clean the
house take care of the kids and have
dinner ready for her husband when he got
home from work doesn't exactly leave her
much time for doing whatever she pleased
now does it but nowadays some
well-deserved in me time is no longer a
guilty pleasure or a sign that a woman
isn't tending to her role as the
family's primary caretaker plus having
time for hobbies or just relaxing and
doing nothing is actually recommended
according to half accom taking time for
yourself has incredible health benefits
it can help reboot your brain improve
your concentration and sharpen your
problem-solving skills among other
things with that much needed mental rest
women today can accomplish so much more
thank goodness the times have changed am
i right
emotional strength in the past a popular
societal belief was that men were able
to handle their emotions better than
women actually men were considered more
rational and even smarter that was also
a way of saying that women weren't
capable of doing a lot of things men
could do like handling the stress of a
job or even vote since this gender
stereotype was widely believed for so
long
many women believed it to be true as
well after all you don't know any better
when something is considered uh norm
where you live women used to have to
hide behind men to do things like
publish a book for example many female
authors used pen names that sounded like
men so they'd be taken more seriously
famous novelist Louisa May Alcott used
the pseudonym am bernard early on in her
career sure women being more emotional
is just a stereotype but is there any
truth to it today well neurologists at
mind lab found that when emotionally
stimulated men are actually more
sensitive than women they're just better
at hiding it in the study participants
were divided up into two groups one
consisting of 15 mothers and the other
15 fathers they were asked to watch
videos whether psychological responses
were monitored these videos were
categorized into four types blissful
exciting heartwarming
and funny and with an exception to the
heartwarming category men seem to have
marginally stronger reactions as for the
heartwarming videos the men were
actually twice as responsive mind labs
director dr. David Lewis explained that
the study suggests men feel just as much
if not more emotion than women but
they're not as willing to express it
publicly because of how society expects
them to act redefining relationship
norms whether they choose to get married
or just have long term relationships
throughout their life women do what they
see fit for their own lifestyle women no
longer have to balance their work and
home life if they don't want to but if
they choose to have a relationship with
someone or even have kids it doesn't
necessarily have to infringe on their
career for example some women are more
comfortable living with their partner
and don't feel the need to get married
the point is no matter what they end up
doing it's their choice and they can
face these choices around their own
needs
the pressures finally off keeping
standards high if you've continued to
work hard your whole life and always aim
for the stars why would you settle for a
partner that keeps you from doing that
well that seems to be the sentiment many
successful women have today if they
choose to be with someone it's a person
who supports them and their goals and
who holds them to as high of a standard
as they do themselves and if they can't
find a partner who fits the bill then
staying single is a totally fine option
successful women are too busy getting
things done and they know their own
worth they don't have the time or desire
to be with a partner that puts them down
or is unsupportive women now know better
and let themselves be picky about their
significant other they don't settle for
someone just because it's better than
being alone not to mention dating isn't
as taboo as it was in the past up until
the early and even mid 20th century
women who dated well into their 40s and
50s were seen as spinsters or old maids
and were frowned upon since they
couldn't manage to land a man but today
the dating culture is alive and well
allowing women to meet different people
and not settle for someone
they're too embarrassed to date around
and see what's out there single and
ready to mingle is a phrase many smart
successful women can relate to fairy
tales are just that fairy tales remember
when you were a kid with your nose
pressed up against the TV screen as you
watch Disney Princesses getting swept
off their feet by a strong handsome
prince well there's nothing wrong with
liking fairy tales when you're a child
but the hole waiting for Prince Charming
thing and teaching little girls the same
mentality has definitely been left in
the past
and for good reason women today
understand that they don't need a prince
or a man to make their life complete you
don't need to be saved or anything like
that because you're confident and
competent enough to run your own life
and make your dreams a reality while
it's important for today's women to be
true to themselves and go for what they
want in life without depending on a
partner it's also okay if they do desire
to have one that's the beauty of the
progressive society we live in today
each woman is her own person with her
own thoughts her own desires and
probably most importantly her own
choices if being with someone makes her
happy
great if being single allows her to
focus on her goals more fantastic and
some women choose the balance both and
there's nothing wrong with that and if
you need a little inspiration look no
further than actress Emma Watson at 28
years old
Watson is not only an incredibly
successful and talented actor she also
has a BA in English literature from
Brown University training from Wooster
college at the University of Oxford and
serves as a UN Women goodwill ambassador
she's a shining example of what a woman
can accomplish
thanks to her own strength and
intelligence Watson isn't married and
even if she does decide to tie the knot
one day that would be her choice as a
free-thinking woman in the 21st century
now it's your turn down in the comments
why do you think women are choosing to
hold off or just not even sign up for
the married life I'd be interested to
know what you think
don't forget to give this video a like
share it with your friends and click
subscribe to stay on the bright side of
life
you